Black Marble Hallway
   The floor of rich black marble glitters softly in the light from the
chandeliers overhead.  Walls of crystal reflect in every possible direction
and confuse the eyes.  Doorways lead to the north and south while a
staircase runs down from here.
Exits: East  Down
The corpse of a dust bunny is lying here.
(Brilliant Blue Aura) A white-robed maiden with tiny white swan-like wings lounges here.
A large orange and white spotted cat rests on the ground.
A bewildered man wanders about, looking for prizes.
Mister Schtuple glows with a bright light!

<650hp 368ma 149mv>School of Cholemry(BH)
ask brian about quest
You ask Mister Schtuple about quest.
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, i'll pay a decent price for some ceramic trinkets to add to my collection.'
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, are you interested in the symbol of life?'
Mister Schtuple tells you 'I can provide white cloaks.'
Mister Schtuple tells you 'I'll trade you a hematite ankh I give you for some drachma!'

You ask Mister Schtuple about trinket.
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, held close at hand somewhere
in this beautifully realized school are some odd ceramic
baubles and other inexpensive trinkets.  If you bring me
one, I'll reward you handsomely.'
<659hp 552ma 151mv>School of Cholemry(BH)

undertake trinket
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, go get 'em, Tiger!'
<623hp 218ma 169mv>School of Cholemry BH overcast 11:29 am

give trinket schtuple
Ok.
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, congratulations, you have completed the quest 'trinket'!'
You have gained five drachma.
Saving Islq.
Saving items.
<625hp 221ma 171mv>School of Cholemry BH overcast 11:48 am


ask brian about symbol
You ask Mister Schtuple about symbol.
Mister Schtuple says 'Islq, here's how you do it:
Take two grey robes to Professor Meep.  He collects them and will give
anyone who brings him the robes an ugly grey decaying ankh as fair
exchange. Take the ankh to the religion instructor.  Give it to
her and she'll embed the stuff of life in it for you.  Take this
enchanted ankh back to me and I'll show you how to complete it.'
<659hp 552ma 151mv>School of Cholemry(BH)

You ask Mister Schtuple about cloak.
Mister Schtuple tells you 'I'm interested in blindingly bright cloaks, and I reward well.
Ok, what you do is, you take a  grey robe, a grey cloak,
a hematite ankh, and a sun symbol to the master enchanter.
He uses these things in his day-to-day business, so he's always
looking for more of them.  Trade him the robe, cloak, ankh and
symbol for a blindingly bright cloak, then take that cloak back
to me and I'll exchange it for a cloak that mortals can use.'
<659hp 552ma 151mv>School of Cholemry(BH)
