undertake pen
The dwarven scribe tells you 'I had my pen a few days ago when I made a large pile of scrolls, but today I felt like writing
out some new ones, went to grab my pen, and it was gone.  I am betting that darn Shallah took
it again.  She keeps taking it to use for people to sign her guestbook when they stay with her.
I don't mind, but now my very last pen is gone.  I have heard leah has a special pen, just for
scribes, that will return to my possession magically every time I lose it.  Visit her, and see
if she will give you such a pen for me.  While you are there, ask her about being a (seer).
I hear she is now the head enchantress, or will be soon after she obtains the ring for it.
If you bring me the pen, I will reward you with a nice little silver statue.'
<612hp 445ma 149mv>Settlestone SS indoors 2:35 pm

Cantrips and Prayers
Exits: West
The plot of this book got lost between the covers.
A sacred songbook here shows signs of wear and tear.
A blessed spellbook with strange runes lies forgotten on the ground.
You see Leah the Witch here.
<661hp 553ma 136mv>Aisholm Town Ah indoors 6:34 pm
Alas, you cannot go that way...
<661hp 553ma 136mv>Aisholm Town Ah indoors 6:34 pm
ask leah about quest
You ask Leah the Witch about quest.
Leah the Witch tells you 'I don't of anybody questing around these parts.'
<661hp 553ma 138mv>Aisholm Town Ah indoors 6:41 pm
ask leah about seer
You ask Leah the Witch about seer.
Leah the Witch tells you 'That's right, I am a powerful seer of magic.'
<661hp 553ma 143mv>Aisholm Town Ah indoors 6:53 pm
undertake seer
Leah the Witch tells you 'Many moons ago, when I was young, I decided to follow the path of the magical enchantress.  The
enchantress has since passed over to the other world, but has left behind a ring special magic
she wanted me to have.  I have just received word that her sister, one of the well known guild
leader and witch, is holding the ring for me.  Please visit her, and ask her about the ring
known as (xindara).  Maybe she will be willing to turn this ring over to you to bring to me.
If you can bring me this ring, I will then reward you with an item the dwarven scribe
asked you to find for him.  I will also give you this cute little statue I have.  I have no
special use for it, but maybe you can find something to use it for.  I would do this myself,
but who would watch my shop while I am gone?  All these young adventurers require potions,
spellbooks, and scrolls, plus my special brews, that I have no choice but wait here.'
<661hp 553ma 149mv>Aisholm Town Ah indoors 7:08 pm

ask witch about ring
You ask the witch Xeadra about ring.
The witch Xeadra tells you 'Oh, the great seer Leah sent you to pick up the ring did she?'
<661hp 199ma 171mv>The Witches Domain BH overcast 4:21 am
undertake ring
The witch Xeadra tells you 'Well, lets see, where did I put that ring, I know it was just here.  Just my luck, can't find
what I want when I need it.  Speaking of luck, have you ever heard the story about the lucky
clover covered with blood?  That's right, such a thing does exist.  Deep within some mystical
temple of undead, a once beautiful queen but now rather frightening creature, holds the fabled
clover of blood.  Seek her out and get the clover from her anyway you must and I will reward you
with a nice statue made of pure ivory.  I will also reward you nicely with some drachma to help
you buy nice stuff at the Dream Weaver's shop.  While you are seek out the clover, I will find
that darn ring Leah.  I know it is somewhere around here.  Go now, and be very careful, and
good luck!'
<661hp 236ma 171mv>The Witches Domain BH overcast 4:55 am

Chi tells you 'its on SS'
You tell Chi 'it has another name?'
Chi tells you 'the runs are like, from well, 7e2se,all south before the boatman, (need a boat), all west, go north until u can go west,'
Chi tells you 'then all west, and there will be a vessel there'
Chi tells you 'yeah its called temple ruins'
Chi tells you 'not exactly mystical temples, cause its just north of it'
You tell Chi 'thanks,need to kill that queen?is it soloable for me? :)'

Chi tells you 'its too big for you :)'
You tell Chi 'doh, okie thanks, i will try to found it,just let me have a look at her. :)'
Chi tells you 'i sugguest you dont do it yet, its quite tough and you need to know how to get in'
Chi tells you 'everything there is aggro, to get in there you need a key'
Chi tells you 'and pass the key, you need another key to unlock'
Chi tells you 'there are alot of aggros there'
Chi tells you 'and queen maragore is soloable, but needs some skills and thought'
You tell Chi 'ic,it's another stupid quest.. :D'
You tell Chi 'thanks'

Chi tells you 'nah not stupid quest, just tough'
Chi tells you 'its quite easy actually, just you have no experience on it :)'