
ask baker about quest
You ask Shyche, the baker about quest.
Shyche, the baker tells you 'I am running extremely low on flour.'
<266hp 264ma 88mv>Newbatia Vk indoors 4:39 pm
undertake flour
Shyche, the baker tells you 'Yes, you've already told me that, now when will you finish?'
<266hp 267ma 90mv>Newbatia Vk indoors 4:44 pm
give flour baker
Ok.
Shyche, the baker tells you 'Wonderful!  Just wonderful!  You are a life
saver.  Now the Mayor's party can proceed as planned.  Please, take this
small reward as a token of my gratitude.  And fresh out of the oven, one
of my top selling confections.'
Shyche, the baker gives you a banana muffin.
You have gained five drachma.
You have been awarded 20000 experience points!
Saving Magelq.
Saving items.
<266hp 271ma 93mv>Newbatia Vk indoors 4:52 pm

ask innkeeper about quest
You ask the innkeeper lady about quest.
The innkeeper lady tells you 'I offer the quest 'cleric_guild', which you have completed already.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'I offer the quest 'warrior_guild', which you have completed already.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'I offer the quest 'thieves_guild', which you have completed already.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'I offer the quest 'mage_guild', which you have completed already.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'We have a wonderful monk_guild here on Valkyre.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'We have a wonderful bard_guild here on Valkyre.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'We have a wonderful necromancer_guild here on Valkyre.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'We have a wonderful druid_guild here on Valkyre.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'The (Crimson) dragon is a nice friendly dragon.'
The innkeeper lady tells you 'We have several speedy (dragons) who fly to each, SS, BH, and AH.'
<266hp 252ma 99mv>Newbatia Vk indoors 5:41 pm

give dwarvish innkeeper
Ok.
The innkeeper lady tells you 'Great job! I hope you had a good flight?  Here is some drachma for your future trips to the quest shop.'
You have gained three drachma.
Saving Magelq.
Saving items.

ask lady about crimson
You ask the innkeeper lady about crimson.
The innkeeper lady tells you 'This great dragon is very friendly and willing to carry adventurers.
Take the Crimson Dragon and fly to the city of Bal Harbor.  Once you are there, visit
the well known Dream Weaver.  He is the keeper of the main shop located outside of the
great elite shops.  He sells many things, tokens, books, poitons, and scrolls.  He also
sells a letter of introduction, that is used to get you into the Treasure and Dreams
Square.  You may think about picking up one of these letters if you can spare about
30 drachma.  Once you find and visit with the Dream Weaver, return here, and I will
reward you.'
<266hp 284ma 103mv>Newbatia Vk indoors 2:45 pm
